== README

#Walk This Way  

##Introduction 
This application was created as a way for users to share, and save their favourite walks, and explore walks other people like in other cities. 

##Purpose 
This application was created for Bitmaker March 2016 cohort final project. 

##Deployment 
This is a simple web project, it can be deployed on any web server or local host. Please see the tool kit and known bugs for further details. 

##Tool Kit 
This project is a Ruby on Rails application, which uses the Google Maps API and the Twitter API. Please see the gem file, the assets folder, and the public folder for a fuller list of external resources used. 

##Upcoming Sprints  

We would like to get the following sprints completed:
* AJAX-based like buttons and unlike buttons 
* Twitter sign-in working in production environment 
* friending with other users 
* revisions of forms to remove redundancies and potential inconsistencies  
* reconfiguration of database and retrieval of walk data 

##Known Bugs 

There are a number of known bugs we would like to fix for the next step.
* Inconsistencies in migrations in development environment between machines

##How to Contribute 

In general, we follow the "fork-and-pull" Git workflow.

Fork the repo on GitHub
Clone the project to your own machine
Commit changes to your own branch
Push your work back up to your fork
Submit a Pull request so that we can review your changes
NOTE: Be sure to merge the latest from "upstream" before making a pull request!

Please don't do this: 


[ ](http://i.imgur.com/snLplqq.jpg). 



In that spirit, we'd like to acknowledge the following inspirations for this project:
* Jane's Walks 
* Airbnb  
* Google maps 
